But wait...
What got you into that?
Like what?
Uh-huh, Uh, Uh-huh...
They are. They're not. They're like long time ago. Yeah.
Yeah, yeah. It's nice. It's nice.
Yeah, sweet child.
Sister, seriously.
Yeah.
I actually don't listen to too much music. Not...
I'm not!...
I mean.
Maybe this is like the past...
Actually that's true. That's like, this is probably for like the past few months.
This is true, I'm not listening. Cuz it's been a little like
crazy... but actually
before then yeah, I would take my... YouTube. YouTube was my source of like
finding...
Oh, yeah. I was all about it. Yeah.
Oh, classical music by the way, yeah. It's final glory, right?
It's hard to say. Artist doesn't like player. You mean?
Yeah.
Composer, anyone. Anyone.
I feel like everyone, anyone that's famous
has a reason why they're famous because their music is a certain level of
Especially if you think about it, it's like 400 years of music.
400 years of composers and these specific composers are the notable ones.
Seriously, so there's something in the music that...
You know, any piece of music that we commonly hear now?
There's something about it that you can like connected to it, right? Yeah.
But. Artists, I think people
I've met, actually, people I've heard live.
I tend to like like them more, because not...
Also... Okay, go away, you brought a good point.
I mean that in
now, like recent performers, recent musicians.
I need to hear them live before I feel like...
And there's a certain like memory also with like the time you were there at the concert.
Like my old viola teacher is probably one of my favorite violists.
And... but also like old
Players from like the, the 1930s to...
1980s
There's something very special about them that no one does now.
We kind of talked about this, but there's like a...
There's a specific like character to the music that played now?
That wasn't a thing like 47 years ago.
It was... It was more
very inner, especially after like
in like the 1920s, like the war.
There's so much focus on like the inner emotions
of the human and like how did like
express what you feel deep down.
stuff like that. So that like came out in the plain too.
And they weren't all about like happy music. In like fame like, fair like.
You know happy. So that's more of a modern thing, like playing happy...
like...
Yeah.
Yeah, there's something so much more raw about the music, plain and simple.
That is the music I listen to oldies and
some people, yeah, yeah. But mostly oldies section.
I'm sorry. It's so unfortunate. Everyone.
It's so unfortunate because I always only... I don't know anything other than...
School music is really so unfortunate.
Yeah, which makes me, a really like bad conversationist when it comes to like
getting to know which one you listen.
Music...
I mean, I guess there's no specific like A7th floor that I like.
But also...
There's very specific moments of music that I like. So maybe if I like...
find out the chord of that that would be my favorite chord i guess
Oh, yeah.
True. That's right. There's something about this chords. Yeah.
Yeah... Yeah... Do you?
I feel like, if you ask that.
Exactly, it like bell it like a wall consist. Yeah.
Oh...
The piano? yeah...